UAG-368 Fix: Table of content - Hyperlink not working on safari and fire-fox browser. (#859)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: readme.txt

1. /assets/screenshots/1.png

== Changelog ==

= 1.24.2 =
* Fix: Blockquote - Multiple blockquote post same content after clicking on tweet button.

> * Fix: Table of content - Hyperlink not working on safari and fire-fox browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Table of content - Hyperlink was not working on safari and firefox browser.
```
